🐛 Add missing variables (#2976)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/increase-observability/integrate-observability/new-relic/java.md

## Get your license key

> Sign up at New Relic to [get your license key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to New Relic to [get your license key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).
```
